Depending on how attached we are to the energies of spring and summer, we may go unwillingly into the energies of Scorpio transits where we are to encounter endings. Rebirth, as part of the cycle, is promised, but there are still moments in the death-cycle and underworld space worth taking residency within. We are brought into contact with mysteries that deepen and complexify our consciousness. If we make space for this part of the process, our futures will be truly fertilized by it.
All of our exacting transits this week involve Scorpio planets or Pluto (ruler of Scorpio), so the theme of ‘going through it’ is still with us. This is a space of deep transformation which can be soul-renewing and insight-creating if embraced and often painful if resisted.
At the end of the week, Mercury and Venus join up in Scorpio with an exact conjunction. Mercury-Venus aspects are often found in the charts of writers, people who relate to the written word with the relational passion and intimacy of Venus. Mercury-Venus combinations relate to a desire to keep thoughts and ideas beautiful as well as to really name and classify what is beautiful – to specifically perceive beauty by discerning how one internally organizes impressions from reality. It is how we might perhaps focus on and magnify what we perceive as beautiful and in effect to see more beauty and enter more deeply into it because of such focus. In the sign of depth probing Scorpio, this conjunction may assist us in finding the rose-tinted glasses that pair best with any current scenes of the descent/underworld. It could be cozy and it could be sultry… find what you truly connect to within yourself, even and especially if you have to dig for it. A lot of us are really going through it! Venus in Scorpio stations retrograde this week, as it squares the triple line-up of Mars, the South Node, and Black Moon Lilith in Aquarius. Pluto has just stationed direct. It is a very soulful time so I would like to share some passages with you from the book Soulcraft by Bill Plotkins:
“The call to adventure is the prologue to the journey of descent. The call comes when it’s time to inherit a greater life, to plunge yourself into the limitless expanse and depth the world affords. This is both a crisis and an unsurpassed opportunity. The old way of life has been outgrown. The familiar goals, attitudes, and patterns of relationships no longer fit your developing sense of who you truly are. The time has arrived to step over a threshold into a whole new way of being.”
“If you say yes to the call, you’ll feel, like Rilke, that you are standing a the window watching a great storm arrive. And you’ll know there’s no way to flee this storm; this one has your name written on it. You know you must open the door and walk straight into the tempest. In doing so, you fall increasingly under the influence of the soul, like the inexorable tug of the full moon on the tides, like the autumn wind tearing leaves from tree limbs. Your soul has been waiting for this moment, the moment your ego was ripe for the descent, developed well enough to withstand the experience of dissolution, yet still vulnerable enough to be dissolvable.
Opportunities like this are not commonplace. During childhood and early teen years, the ego is not sufficiently developed to survive a descent. The soul waits for an opening. Meanwhile, the ego is creating ways to avoid the underworld journey. (Resisting self-change is the way the ego understands its job before initiation.) All too often, the soul finds one day that the ego has become too hardened, too entrenched in its routines, so that nothing can budge it. In contemporary Western culture, our egos often develop in such a way that they are both underdeveloped and overly hardened. If, in our youth, there had been elders about, they would have provided initiatory experiences to soften us up or crack us open. Without elders, the soul waits for – or creates – a trauma, something extreme that will loosen the ego’s grip on its old way of belonging to the world.”
The soul relates to our own undercurrents, roots, security and power. It relates to our gems that are hidden in the swamplands of our unconscious, our shadow, our un-integrated parts. Traversing these inner territories is the interior version of exploring uncharted rainforests with mysterious lifeforms and dangerous creatures. It’s sticky. But it’s adventure and way to claim our unique gifts and potentials. Have heart as you’re going through it and pay attention to who your guides are as there are often lanterns and helpers in the underworld journey. This week the current Jupiter-Pluto sextile exacts for the third and last time this year – a transit that has been highlighting the rewards of shadow work and finding hidden treasure in our blindspots. Mercury aspects Pluto in Capricorn and Jupiter in Scorpio (a Pluto ruled sign), also bringing our mental attention toward depth discovery. Whether taking place in the realm of introspection or in the allurement of pursuing research or higher learning, this week has many offerings for a deepening of the mind. Venus in Scorpio opposes Uranus in Taurus, bringing a dynamic burst of sensuality and eroticism into this week’s air. But not only that, this latter transit signifies leaps in Venusian evolution & our capacity to love. This opportunity can be in dialogue with our blocks to love and trauma around self-worth, which can be looked at as dimensions of ourselves which if they should be coming up, are ready for transformation. Super Virgoan astrology this week! Surrounding a New Moon in Virgo, Mercury enters Virgo and forms a conjunction with asteroid Pallas Athena in Virgo, and the Sun in Virgo forms a grand trine with Saturn in Capricorn and Uranus in Taurus. This is a beautiful grand trine to tune into – Saturn and Uranus trining alone, is magnificent. The trine is a “soft” aspect. When Saturn and Uranus make hard angles to each other like a square or opposition – our standards, structures and sense of normal may undergo more uncomfortable kinds of interruptions. However, when they are in soft aspect like they are now, making structural life changes and upgrades can be both easeful and impactful. Positive developments that happen now will make the upcoming Saturn-Uranus square (in 2021) easier and more rewarding.
A virtue between Saturn and Uranus is to build life structures which hold space for a necessary degree of freedom – rather than building a life which will, when our goals and plans come to fruition, eventually constrict and bind us. Saturn and Uranus contacts also can help us normalize or standardize something new, innovative, or unique: like getting to live your dream life in part because you show up for important trainings or appointments and do the work. Or like getting to be your weird self in public or in a formal way because you hold a certain real air of gravitas around it because you’ve done the work and didn’t circumvent that work just to be free. It’s negotiating how one individuates and follows their unique calling, and how one conforms to society in order to be part of it. It’s not either-or.
As faster moving planets in Virgo align with this existing trine between Saturn and Uranus, some extra focus may be placed this week on our “mundane” activities which are actually magical in their own right – cleaning is not just a chore but it is making space, clearing stagnant energy and obstacles. Organizing is not just a chore but it is feng shui. Doing the things we keep avoiding/procrastinating is not just a chore but it is leveling up and signaling to the Universe that we’re ready to move forward.
These small activities, this graceful grind, is also a reminder that in the process up any given mountain, each step is a fractal of the whole climb. Rather than overlooking the steps or overlooking the mundane, or the daily forms of work we undergo, these activities may be portals into zenlike clarity and alignment. Mars is now direct, though still in shadow until October – though you may feel the shift beginning to occur now in terms of moving forward again after some time of rest, repose, or stagnation. Many of us will be getting back into the rhythm of school, or if we are situated outside of the school world we may still experience the summer/autumn transition being a time to get things ordered, ready, and to get back into work. It’s Virgo Season!
This week’s alignments present us opportunities to drop into noticing the pleasures of existence that we are working toward, yet are already here in some form – whatever it is we imagine we are putting off for later. You may find yourself on this precipice if you have become inordinately stressed about perfectionism, high performance, keeping it all together, or getting ahead & that you are doing it for some future result you anticipate will be pleasurable. But if you remember what motivates you in the first place and connect to that here and now, you’ll be connected to the source of your creativity rather than imagining you are still reaching toward it.
As Venus and Mars approach a square I’m reminded of a David R. Hawkins quote from Power Vs. Force: “Experientially, as we’ve seen, pleasure is merely high energy.”
When we are advised to stay in the present or to connect to the moment, the concept is abstract until it is experiential. There is no way to know what it feels like until you find the doorway in – let that be your invitation/discovery this week. This week Mercury stations direct in Leo, and Jupiter in Scorpio and Neptune in Pisces form their third and last trine in these signs until more than 600 years from now. From the perspective of these planetary cycles that are longer than human lives, it can be awe-inspiring to reflect on how we do exist in this current moment and are getting to directly experience alignments that do not come around every lifetime.
So that also means that this moment has a rarefied quality to it – this Jupiter in Scorpio trine Neptune in Pisces transit. We said the eclipses were emotional, but it may be these two as well! For all of our personal, subjective experiences, our passions and devastations, are not just subjective dramas of humans but are also the descendants of the birth of stars, the raw energies and powers of the cosmos itself continuing to pulse through us. Scorpio is in touch with primordial depths and Neptune is connected to our memories of union and non-differentiation; the womb, timelessness. Put together – those are a lot of deep themes, and not always ones that are easy to translate or understand.
Jupiter in Scorpio and Neptune in Pisces are both alignments that peer into the mystery; and if we should find a deeper connection between ourselves and the Universe around us we find that deep space, birthing stars, and unexplored distances exist internally, too.
The vibe with this trine in water signs can be a little soupy — cosmic soupy — but still, perhaps disorienting with waves of raw feeling. It can be a good reminder at this time that while the Western mind likes order and logic and reason, there are experiences to be had here that defy reason or are not of reason’s realm at all. Our openness to explore the unknown, without having to understand it, is a portal to expansion.
Mercury’s stationing direct in Leo within all of this can involve a synchronicity where if we are heart-centered, the universe will reveal different mysteries to us accordingly. We all have this and are given certain talents and gifts we are drawn to manifest in this life. When we allow this energy that is not of us, but comes through us, to freely pour through us, we open ourselves to be conduits of the Universe’s creativity. Being bright or being in one’s essence doesn’t mean it’s necessarily come easy – this path tends to swirl up all of our resistance and fears around simply existing and taking up space, and being seen. Like a plant given life by reaching toward the Sun, we get the energy to pull nutrients up from the earth through our roots. It is natural that if we are being creative and reaching toward new possibility, bringing something new into being, that we are going to have something stickier to process, too. But there is something alchemical happening here – it is our creative vision that allows us to move forward and transmute our psychic soil into gardens… gardens that are all the richer for the soil they emerged from, anyway. Embodying our solar selves does inspire other people to transmute their own resistance to doing so, too.
The yod is an astrological alignment also called “the finger of god”, and as an energetic pattern it relates to putting focus on the apex planet and the other two planets at the base (here Neptune and Pluto) will come into balance. This can mean that focusing on warmth, generosity, play and creativity can set in motion deep spiritual insights and breakthroughs, and reframe disempowering narratives we’ve been subtly engaging with until this point. It would be possible to have a lot of contrast around this eclipse time like deep, fiery emotions (as eclipses are emotional and this one is in the fire sign of Leo!) along with vibrant inspiration and joyfulness – qualities of the Sun drawing us toward that which enhances our lives.
So if you find yourself mired in this complexity of creativity versus processing the depths, keep moving toward your inspiration and watch breakthroughs come by much easier, breakthroughs that are only catalyzed by the fuel that the inspiration holds.Sun-Mercury conjunction brings a lot of activity to the mind as well as loud and clear messages – synchronicities, piercing insight, as well as just piercing perception – light shining upon what was before unclear or unknown.
This conjunction happens in the playful, childlike sign of Leo. When it comes to teaching children about concepts, we use languages of play and we often will frame things in a light that they appear fun or game-like. This need for playfulness and the positive response to play always remains with the adult, though our dramas seem to become more complex and sober. Notice moments where your perception hinges on humor and lightheartedness versus graveness and intensity. These could be locations of breakthrough.
Pay attention to the ideas and insights that come from your Leo or Leo-influenced friends. They may be carrying the role of messenger right now, with Mercury retrograding in their sign and joining up with the Sun.
Leo and the Sun are such generous energies – endlessly beaming light and creative energy from their center. Think of all the life that is possible on this planet because of the Sun’s heat that it pours forward to us every single moment. Generosity and being able to recognize generosity can be a huge theme – whether you find more of it coming forth from yourself, or you notice generosity around you that you hadn’t totally realized before was generosity. This may be a time that we check-in with whether or not our values are aligning with concrete decisions in our lives. The magic with Venus and Saturn together is to embed beauty, harmony, and all the things we value into the actual architecture of our lives: by reinforcing what we value and being able to say no to, or de-prioritize, things that do not resonate with us. Instead of compartmentalizing leisure and enjoyment and aesthetic “for later” or “for outside of work”, the work is to uphold and create beauty into the normal, into the standards, the mundane.
Together Venus and Saturn recognize the grittiness in love and works of love; that life is not easy or does not have to be easy for it to be beautiful and meaningful. Being attentive and loving toward the obstacles and challenges creates sturdy results: beautiful creations over time.
In this particular moment of Venus and Saturn’s cycle together, it may arise that some of our old standards or plans (which we have put much attention and time into) are going through a shift. We might question if we still value or prioritize the same things we did, or realize that our old methods of creating harmony in our life have now become hollowed practices. We may be challenged to re-assess how to align our values with our concrete life decisions/practices now that both conditions and values may have changed. In general this transit inflates our thoughts and our mind, which can have its challenges as well as its bigger-picture breakthroughs and moments of brilliance. With Leo and Scorpio together, our sense of drama can feel inflated, which in combo with a lot of this retrograde energy, can ask us to step back and undergo the internal fire of transformation before simply projecting our stuff onto others. It may highlight the discernment of what is yours to transform alone and yours to transform with another.
It’s quite possible with this transit to feel moments where you are more dramatically aware of your shadow – to internally witness parts of it rising up in a way that is more theatrical/vivid than is comfortable. It’s like past the point of subtlety, a knock at the door, and know the door is burst open. The intensity at which this occurs though allows it to become cognized instead of unconscious, and the tensions allow novel transformations to occur.
In general, our thoughts can be fiery at this time and swirling with all sorts of intensity – even if poise, regality, posture, etc. is maintained. Have compassion with yourself and others as more dramatic forms of processing come up, whether they are spoken or kept within.
While always in play, it’s useful to make a point of it here for this transit: the mind does not have to be believed. Witnessing the mind is different than being in the mind without the capacity for detachment. There are some thoughts that are deeply resonant with truth, and other seemingly logical thoughts which are rationalizations separate from truth and reality. The theater of mind (Mercury in Leo) can be deeply transformative at this time (Jupiter in Scorpio) in the same way that watching a profound film will surface emotions in the viewer. We have a kind of detachment at a movie theater where we get involved and interested in the story but we know it is a story.
Mercury retrograde relates to recursive, reflexive consciousness – the way that mulling over a memory in your mind actually deepens and vivifies the experience, yielding new facets of itself to you that only come from going back over it. When we watch ourselves process, and think about how we processed, we are deepening and transforming our consciousness. Now the Sun and Moon conjoin at the apex of a yod in the same place Mercury did earlier in the week, with Pluto in Capricorn and Neptune in Pisces. This New Moon is also part of a Leo stellium, with the North Node, Mercury, and Athena.
This speaks to a creative emergence/birth of some kind, though we are just in the midst of discovering what it is.
On an emotional level, this can relate with a necessity, an actual emotional need – to generate and to create. Without creativity, there could be a feeling of emptiness or sadness for which there is little explanation except the lack of creative process. Beginning to tend to a creative process can be extraordinarily fruitful for this lunar cycle and beyond, as eclipses bring changes not just in the moment but ones that emerge/deepen after the eclipses occur.
Athena is a warrior-philosopher, a goddess of creative intelligence. If we have a dream, project, ambition, that exceeds our current conscious know-how, she is an ally. Athena in Leo can relate to the vigor we feel as we bring things into reality through our intelligence and our loyalty toward figuring it out and doing the work to manifest. If you are responding to reality as it is (as though you have no effect upon it), you are not engaging this consciousness. However, if you have a mission or an ideal that you would like to shape into being, you are inviting an interaction with creative forces of Nature themselves. When this comes to your own consciousness, if there is a creative change or addition you would like to make into your life, consider what kinds of intelligence you can collect on making that possible. (Prayer, visualization, asking for advice, research, etc…)
There is a natural tension that exists between our creative vision (what we want) versus the Universe’s vision and what trajectory the forces of the Universe are on. This does not need to keep anyone from self-actualization or manifesting their own dreams. What it does indicate, is the usefulness of self-reflective and prayerful practices by which an individual can align their hopes and dreams with their divine assignment, if you will. What does the Universe want from you? And, what deep healing occurs when these two desire natures (yours and the Universe) align, rather than working at cross-purposes?
Along a path of spiritual striving and self-actualization alike, our old confusions untangle and shape into clearer insights over time. By continuing to move toward the light – or reaching toward that which lights us up – we gain the energy and illumination to go through deeper processes. Joy is an integral nutrient for life – allow this New Moon to be a portal into amplifying joy and radiating it toward areas of life that need it. Mars will stay in the later degrees of Capricorn (only getting to 28) until August 27 when Mars turns direct.
Mars in Aquarius has been bringing us visions and insights of how to move toward the future – how to advance and innovate. While Mars hovers in the last few degrees of Capricorn, our motivations may come to a place of re-doing the structures and foundations which have become outdated (and cannot hold the new visions we have channelled).
Our motivations may be undergoing structural shifts as well – consider how your past ways of working and taking on challenges has served you to this point. What have you accomplished, what did you forge within yourself? If some of these same tactics are now driving you too hard into the ground, what could be a more strategic way of moving forward? Though Mars is not moving forward yet, so the reflective, internal consciousness around how to proceed can mirror this dynamic. Do the involutionary work of reflection and you’ll be better nourished for when the forward movement begins again.
Gather your people, Aries! The Sun is traveling through Aquarius and your vivacious, outgoing eleventh house until February 18, making this a fruitful time to network and collaborate. Don’t let the winter temps keep you huddled at home—unless, of course, you open the doors to your 50 closest friends and their friends. The best day for entertaining and communing could be February 4. Not only is it an Aquarius new moon, but it’s also the eve of the Chinese Lunar New Year, when we bid adieu to the territorial Dog and welcome the friendly, collaborative Earth Pig for the next 12 months. The open-door policy of Aquarius season becomes all the more inclusive under this fresh lunar energy. You’ll be in hog heaven hanging with a cutting-edge crowd and connecting to like-minded trailblazers for work and play. But your indie-spirited sign will still need solo time since your ruling planet, driven Mars, is wrapping up a six-week visit to Aries on February 14, and freedom fighter Uranus is here until March 6. Pull away from the herd and give your personal passions the time they need, no matter how much fun you’re having. Remember what you promised yourself you’d carve out time for when you made those New Year’s resolutions last month? Yeah, THAT. Use this confident, charismatic Mars energy to make headway or promote your talents. The red planet won’t return for another two years, and Uranus will make a permanent exit next month. You won’t experience their combined moxie or magnetism like this again in your lifetime. Dare to make a bold bid or a radical change while you can. If you don’t advocate for yourself, who will?When Mars and Uranus spin into a rare conjunction (exact meetup) on February 13, you can make a sudden change, but watch your impulsivity and impatience. Your temper could explode unexpectedly, or you might go way over the edge with a daring move, burning bridges (or yourself) in the process. Shock value is one thing, but if your ego or attention-seeking tactics cross a line, you could be left with a mess to clean up. On February 14, Mars will slow its roll and move into earthy Taurus, activating your second house of money and security until March 31. This is a highly productive cycle, but there could also be financial stress or tension on the job. Tighten your budget and be careful how much work you say yes to, lest you end up in over your head. February 14, in case you hadn’t heard, also happens to be Valentine’s Day. The moon will be in Gemini for Cupid’s big celebration, spotlighting your third house of communication and local affairs. You might be happiest hanging at your favorite neighborhood hotspot, perhaps joining beloved peeps both single and coupled to celebrate friendship instead of googly-eyed romance. Either way, keep plans loose and expectations modest. The moon will lock into a T-square with expansive Jupiter and nebulous Neptune, making it hard to wrangle everyone onto the same page. Overly elaborate plans could fall apart, especially ones that involve travel. Keep it simple and sweet—the new microbrewery or tapas spot, a live show at a mid-sized venue, a handwritten and thoughtful card. On February 18, “wounded healer” Chiron will move into Aries, staying until April 2027. Chiron made a brief pit stop here from April to September 2018, then receded back into Pisces. While Chiron is in Aries, we’ll collectively mend old scars around visibility, self-esteem and identity. According to mythology, Chiron was a healer who couldn’t heal himself. Under his influence, we transform by helping others overcome struggles that we’ve dealt with (and may still be muddling through). It’s the ultimate act of service, where the giver ends up receiving an unexpected karmic gift. Hosting Chiron in YOUR sign might force you to take a hard look in the mirror and question whether you’re being 100 percent true to yourself. That’s a lofty goal to begin with, but Chiron will help you dismantle any painful blocks. Your work or service in the coming years could involve helping other people find their voices and USE them in daring ways. Summon the courage to be open about your flaws and fumbles, and you’ll grant people permission to do the same. These themes won’t feel entirely new because radical Uranus has been in Aries since 2011, shaking up the status quo in this zone of your chart for years. On March 6, Uranus will permanently exit, hopefully minimizing some of the dramatic changes—or at least slowing their pace. That same day (February 18), the Sun starts its monthlong visit to Pisces and your restful, healing twelfth house. Take a break from the social whirlwind and get your hibernation in before spring—and your birthday season—officially begins. This is a time for wrapping up loose ends rather than starting anything new. Your imagination and intuition will be revving high, and you’ll need plenty of downtime to be able to tune in. Keep your calendar loose and don’t overbook yourself. But don’t get TOO relaxed yet! On February 19, the Virgo full moon—also a potent supermoon—illuminates the opposite zone of your chart. La luna in your busy, task-driven sixth house could inspire an epic cleanup that would clutter-shame Marie Kondo herself. This health-conscious full moon can jump-start your spring-training plans by helping you cut back on refined flours and sugars or begin adding regular cardio into your routine. Just pace yourself because diving into anything too extreme, especially during Pisces season, is a setup for failure. Look at where you could make small improvements each day, even if this full moon sparks the urge to blast ahead at warp speed. The heat is on—at least for the first half of the month. Your zesty ruler, Mars, is revving through your sign until early in the morning of Valentine’s Day (February 14), then downshifts into security-focused Taurus until March 31. You’ll be seeking adventure and excitement until Cupid shows up, so take advantage of this high-octane energy. But note: With indie-spirited Uranus also in Aries until March 6, you could be such a fast-moving target that no one can catch you. These two heavyweights make a rare (once every other year) convergence on February 13, firing up your quest for freedom. Woe be to anyone or anything that gets in your way or tries to hold you back! In direct contrast to this, romantic Venus is taking a leisurely but mindful stroll through Capricorn and your future-oriented zone from February 3 to March 1. Short-term dazzle won’t do it for you. Under this solidifying energy, you’ll be thinking about unions that are built to last and go the distance. This realm also rules prestige, so couples will enjoy dressing up and doing more exclusive, VIP things together, especially once Mars settles into grounded Taurus and your sophisticated second house. Heads-up for Rams planning a glamorous Valentine’s Day. That’s not the best night to pull out the formalwear, so choose another date, say February 18, when Venus unites with serious, traditional Saturn in Capricorn, giving your post-V-Day celebration an elegant vibe. With the Sun moving into Pisces and your twelfth house of fantasy that day, you’ll feel a lot more romantic. Make a sensible splurge for your sweetie (or yourself!). With Mars in Taurus and your luxurious second house, express your appreciation with a timeless gift like a beautiful piece of jewelry or a well-crafted accessory (a monogrammed bag or tie, for example) that will become a cherished piece for years to come. With both love planets in material-minded earth signs and your career houses for the second half of the month, an attraction to a colleague or work-related associate could spark up, either someone you already know or meet at an industry event. If they do work at your company, make sure you’re not blatantly breaking company policy. Either steer clear or be discreet! Key Dates: February 2: Venus-Uranus trine Too short a leash will constrict you today, so you might be happier flying solo. If you’re single, make the most of it! But if you’re part of a couple, watch where you dabble. Either be upfront about your desires or find another way to scratch the itch. Playing well with others could pay off handsomely this month, Aries. With the Sun in Aquarius until February 18, your eleventh house of networking and collaborations is on fire! The February 4 Aquarius new moon could bring an opportunity to join forces with a like-minded crew. You never know where your next referral or opportunity may come from. With your tech-savvy zone activated, joining an online group or virtual mastermind can keep you ahead of the curve. But don’t get completely consumed by the herd: Your ruling planet, motivator Mars, is in Aries until February 14. Mars only visits your sign every two years (it’s been here since January 1), revving up your solo endeavors. Balance between hotly pursuing your own goals and vibing with your tribe. On February 13, Mars will team up with innovator Uranus. Don’t be afraid of a little shock value, but watch your temper under this impatient, volatile mashup. The next day, February 14, Mars will lumber into Taurus and your money zone until March 31, which could bring financial opportunity AND stress in equal measures. Pressure may be high and deadlines tight. If you face an unplanned expense or budget anxiety, let it motivate you to make a courageous move. Fortune favors the bold, and never more so than when Mars is in the house! On February 18, the Sun slips into Pisces and your restful twelfth house for a month. Pull back from your social schedule and slow down for creative visualization, extra sleep and a more “right-brained” pace. But pull it together on February 19, when the Virgo full supermoon activates your orderly sixth house. Polish your skills with an extra training, declutter and streamline your systems. A tight edit of your presentation could get you noticed! Key Dates: February 1: Mars-Pluto square Watch your temper today, because it could spark up without much warning! Fiery Mars swings into a tense square with inflammatory Pluto in your work sector, and your argumentative actions could alienate the wrong person. Try to handle things diplomatically, perhaps by speaking to a supervisor or someone in HR. If that’s not an option, save any heated emails to your drafts folder.